### 준비 순서

30초 -> 두가지 다 답변하는게 답변 확장하기에 좋다.

- ex)
	- When I have money,~ / When I don't have money,~
	- When I have time,~ / When I don't have time,~
	- When I am busy,~ / When I am not busy,~

- 질문을 활용한 핵심 단볍 말하기 (질문에 대해서 가장 직접적이고 핵심적인 답변을 우선적)
- 답변 확장하기(30초 채우기)



### 빈출

- **Q1) Do you prefer A or B ?**
- A1) It depends on the situation. When I have money, I prefer to eat out. When I don't have money, I prefer to cook at home. 
- **Q2) Would you rather A or B ?** 차라리 A를 하겠어요? B를 하겠어요?
- A2) It depends on the situation. If i have time, I would rather eat out. If I don't have time, I would rather order delivery food.
	- 조동사는 강조해서 읽지 않기 - I would rather > I'd rather

- **Q3) What is the most important thing you would consider when choosing a restayrant to eat out ?** *Menu items *Reviews *Distance
- A3) Reviews are the most important thing I would consider. For example, I wanted to eat out yesterday. However, there were too many restaurants. I didn't know where to go. I read reviews and chose one restaurant. Their food was nice and their service was good. Thanks to the reviews, I was able to choose a nice restaurant.
- Q4) **<u>Describe</u> the best eating out experience you had at a restaurant.**
	- 예시를 잘 말하는게 포인트
- A4) Last menth, it was my birthday. So, I went to an Italian restaurant <u>called Sorrento</u> with my friends. We ordered many things such as food, drinks and so on. We ate cheesecake for dessert. My friends sang Happy Birthday song for me. I received lots of presents <u>such as books, perfume and so on</u>. <u>It was so memorable.</u>
- **Q5) <u>What are some advantages and disadvantages of</u> eating out ?** 
	- 장점 혹은 단점 질문에도 장단점 두가지 다 말해라!
- A5) There are advantages and disadvantages of eating out. One advantage is that I can save time. I don't have to cook. One disadvantage is that it is expensive. I have to pay at least ten dollars per meal.
- **Q6) What should be improved about your favorite restaurant?**
- A6) There are not many tables so there should be more tables. For example, there is a samll restaurant called Sorrento. It is my favorite restaurant. Unofrtunately, they have only three tables. Whenever I go there, I have to wait for a long time. I think they should have more tables. It should be helpful for the customers.



### 어휘

It should be + 형용사 : 형용사가 될 것이다.

There should be + 명사 : 명사가 있어야한다.

They should + 동사 원형 : 동사를 해야한다.

least : 적어도

ingredients : 재료



Reference : https://youtu.be/4Cmw1p_MC3E