##### 학생

I'm a student.



I don't have much money.

I get allowance from my parents. 나는 부모님에게 용돈을 받아요.

I have a tight budget.



I have to study hard. or I have to study from 9 to 6.

I go to school every day.

I don't have much time on weekdays.



##### 집 근처

There is a (무언가) near my house

It is called "(무언가의 이름)"

It takes 10 minutes on foot.

It is very close.

I go there often.



##### 멀리 있는 묘사

There is a (명사) in my city. 우리 도시에 명사가 있어요.

It is called "(무언가의 이름)"

It takes 1 hour by bus.

It is to far.

I don't go there often.



#### Q7 두가지 상황 표현

It depends on the situation.



##### 시간 조건

When I have time, I like to cook.

When I don't have time, I like to order food.



##### 금전 조건

When I have money, I like to eat out.

When I don't have money, I like to cook at home.



##### 장단점

There are both advantages and disadvantages.

One advantage is (that) it is convenient/cheaper/comfortable/closer/easy to ~.

One disadvantage is (that) it is expensive/complicated/unhealty/crowded/hard to ~.



##### 친구

I have a friend named Tom.

He is my best friend.

We have the same taste in music.

I like to listen to music with Tom.

We like to spend time together.



##### 가족

I learned how to cook from my mom.

She is a good cook.

She is a good cooking.

She has secret recipes.

All I have to do is follw her recipes.

I want to become a good cook like her.



##### 쇼핑센터

There is a shopping mall near my house.

It is called DDP Center.

There are many things such as stores, cafes and so on.

I can do many things such as eating, shopping and so on.

I like to spend time there on weekends.



##### 전문가 

I like to get help from experts.

They know everything about computers.

I can ask for tips and advice.

I can ask for recommendations.

It is helpful to make a choice.

I can always trust them.



##### 정보 검색

I use the Internet.

There are many websites.

I can get lots of information.

I can read reviews.

I can see picture.

I can compare many things such as prices, features and so on.



##### sns

I use [sns]

I like to post selfies.

I like to leave comments.

I can make new friends.

I can say hello to my friends.

I can keep in touch with my friends.



##### 여행

Last month, I went on a trip to Japen.

I visited Tokyo.

I went to many places such as Tokyo Disney Land, Tokyo Tower and so on.

I ate many things sush as ramen, sushi and so on.

I met a Japanese tour guide named Taka.

I learned how to speak Japanese.

I learned Japanese culture.

I made lots of memories.



##### 온라인 강의

I take an online lecture.

I can study on my phone.

All I have to do is download an app.

I use an app called 'YouTube'.

I can study whatever I want.

I can study whenever and wherever I want.



##### 단거 좋아

I have a sweet tooth.

I love sweet things.

I like to eat ice cream for dessert.

When i am sad, I eat sweet things.

It helps me cheer up.

It makes me happy.



##### 단골

I am a regular customer.

I have a membership.

When I use my membership card, I can get a discount.

I can save money.



##### 어휘

crowded 붐비는

complicated 복잡한

experts 전문가

features 특징